RAIN PATTERS
THUNDER RUMBLES
LINE CONNECT TONE
Ello, ello, ello?
Oh, is that the police?
We've got someone here you might
be interested in.
Mm-hm!
I think we've just foiled a robbery!
SIREN WAILS
REPORTERS CLAMOUR
DOOR SLAMS SHUT
Feathers McGraw, you have been found
guilty of the attempted robbery
of the Blue Diamond.
If not for the actions of
two upstanding citizens,
you would have succeeded in
your wicked plan.
Therefore, it is the decision of
this court that, for the rest of
your natural life, you be removed to
a high-security institution.
CHILDREN LAUGH
There's no escape from here.
So don't even think about it.
THEY GASP
CELL DOOR SLAMS
ALARM CLOCK RINGS
LOUD WHIRRING
BUZZER
INTERCOM: Get me up, Gromit!
Another great day of inventing
beckons!
Ha-ha!
Oh-ho!
Oh, top dog!
Here we go-o-o-o!
Wahey!
Oh, lovely!
VACUUM WHIRS
Ooh! Tickles!
Oh, oh!
Ooh!
Wahey!
Wa-a-a-hey!
We-e-eee!
Woohoo!
Ooh...!
Hoo-hoo!
Huh? Oh.
Oh!
Ah!
Hit it, Gromit!
Wahe-e-eey!
DING!
Ugh!
Morning, Gromit!
Oh!
How's my favourite pooch, hmm?
Oh, you do look after me, lad.
MUTTERING: Oh, very interesting...
Oh, I must say...
Mm.
Oh, yes...
Mm. Hmm.
Mm!
Mm... Mm!
Cracking toast, Gromit.
Oh, dear. More bills?
Inventing doesn't come cheap,
does it?
Maybe I'm just making too many
gadgets.
Oh, don't worry, lad.
We'll think of something.
You look like you need a good pat.
Come here!
That's it, lad!
My new Pat-O-Matic will oblige.
BEEP!
MECHANICAL SQUEAKING
And if you think that's progress,
wait till you see
the next thing I'm working on!
Hmm!
Ooh!
Ha, ha.. Oh...
EXCITEDLY: Ooh...!
BIRDSONG CHORUS
INSECTS BUZZ
GROMIT INHALES DEEPLY
LOW RUMBLING
Look out, lad! Coming through!
Phew!
Don't think I haven't noticed,
Gromit.
You spend ages toiling away
in this garden.
Well, no more!
WALLACE CLAPS
THUD! THUD!
He-hey!
This is my latest invention -
a smart gnome.
Hi!
I'm your Nifty Odd-Jobbing Robot.
Call me NORBOT!
Norbot, meet Gromit.
Pleased to meet you, Master Gromit!
He's very friendly.
CHUCKLING: Oh, steady on, Norbot!
Well, go on, chuck.
Why don't you put him through
his little paces?
He's voice-activated.
Ha-ha! Bit shy, are we?
All right.
Norbot, make Gromit's garden
neat and tidy.
Neat and tidy!
Yes, Mr Wallace!
I've pre-programmed him
for you, lad.
He's watched every episode of
DIY Garden Squad there is.
Only two hours to go, and they still
haven't got the patio down!
Just watch him do all those
tedious gardening tasks.
Chop, chop, chop!
RUMBLING
Mowing!
Oh, ho-ho!Wahey!
More mowing!
WALLACE CHUCKLES
Don't forget the edges.
Strimmer!
Careful, lad.
Pointlessly blowing leaves around!
Oh, whoops-a-daisy.
Hedge trim!
Last bit of mowing!
# I'm a happy nifty Norbot
# I love to do a job! #
Neat and tidy!
Oh... Oh!
NEIGHBOURS EXCLAIM
Oh, he's a little treasure,
that one.
Amazing job.
And very convenient.
Well, well.
Looks like you've "made the cut",
Norbot.
Better take a bow.
Bowing!
Bowing again! Where did
you get him from? Thank you!
Well, actually, I made him myself.
What fun! Is he for hire?
Is he for hire? Ha-ha...
Oh...
TING
Come on, I need your help.
Not you, lad. Norbot.
Yes, Mr Wallace.
How may I assist?
Come along, Norbot, lad.
We've got work to do.
Righto, Mr Wallace.
It's a crime.
That's what it is, a crime!
That you and I can't be together.
Mwah!
Not yet, my sweetness.
Soon, though.
KNOCK AT DOOR
Oh...! Eh?
Got a mo', Chief? Wha...?
I've just finished my investigation
into that missing bike saddle.
I've got witness interviews, crime
scene reports, full forensics.
Mukherjee...
AND I checked the National Bike
Saddle database.
There isn't one, apparently.
Mukherjee! Chief?
Oh...
How long have you been with us now?
Since 9am this morning, Chief.
Well, you can forget what you've
learned at training college.
Because at the end of the day,
there's just one thing that matters
in this job - a copper's gut.
Copper's gut, sir?
Instinct!
The important stuff's not up here.
It's down here.
Yeah, I've got quite a copper's gut
meself, actually.
Oh, I can see that, Chief.
I mean, I, uh...
MUKHERJEE LAUGHS NERVOUSLY
I didn't mean I can see...
..it.
Oh! Is that Feathers McGraw?
Oh, what?! Where?!
Oh, that.
Well, there you go - a copper's gut.
He stole the Blue Diamond, right?
Oh, he tried.
But he couldn't escape the long
arm of the law.
Oh, yes, I played my part.
PHONE RINGS
Ello, ello, ello?
WALLACE: Oh, is that the police?
The Blue Diamond ended up back in
the museum vault.
I locked it up meself,
well out of harm's way.
Oh, I'd love to crack a case
like that.
You must be dead proud, Chief.
It's not...it's not about pride,
Mukherjee.
It's about duty.
Which is why I've accepted
one last task
before I hang up me truncheon.
Oh?
The new Blue Diamond exhibition.
The diamond's going back on display?
Oh, aye.
I've designed all the security
arrangements meself.
Foolproof.
Yeah!
Well, not unless Feathers cuts
a hole in that skylight.
Skylight?
Or he removes the back plate off
the air con.
Air what?
Oh! Actually, he could just get in
through the gift shop.
There's a gift shop?!
Look, Feathers isn't going to
get in, is he?
He's safely banged up in the zoo.
Literally doing bird.
Now, I've got a grand opening
to prepare for.
So get out there on the beat.
Burn some shoe leather.
Yes!
Ahem. I mean, yes...sir.
Hrmph!
DOOR SLAMS
WALLACE: Oh, yes.
That's it, Norbot, make the letters
nice and big.
Oh-ho! Oh, that's just smashing.
I think you're going to like this,
Gromit.
Ta-da!
Ta-d-a-aa!
Gnome Improvements!
A gnome-based garden
and maintenance service.
Woohoo! I told you we'd find a way
to pay the bills, lad.
Uh, Norbot?
Haven't you missed something?
Oh! Yes, Mr Wallace.
Oh, yes, very good.
Good job, Norbot.
Oh, yes.
BEEP! BEEP!
Yoo-hoo! Hmm?
Oh, it's Up North News!
Maybe they've heard about
our Norbot.
Oh, this'll be great for publicity.
And now, Up North News,
presented by Anton Deck!
Good evening.
Now, we've all heard of
cutting-edge technology -
but how about cutting HEDGE
technology?
Hee-hee!
Onya Doorstep has more.
Meet Norbot, the latest thing
in GNOME help.
He's the brainchild of a
smart-thinking local inventor.
Oh, "smart-thinking".
Oh, thank you very much.
So, Wallace, what can Norbot do
around the house?
Oh, well, pretty much everything,
Ms Doorstep.
No job is too small!
# I'm a happy nifty Norbot
# I like to trim the hedge! #
Ta-da!
Artistic!
I've been testing him out here
in my own garden,
and he's done a cracking job,
as you can see.
He certainly seems very
user-friendly, to use the jargon.
So, what inspired you to create this
handy device, Mr Wallace?
Oh, I've always loved inventing.
Making things that help people.
And Norbot is so very helpful.
I'd say he's my greatest invention
so far.
We charge him up every night,
and the next day he's raring
to go again.
He seems very obliging.
Oh, whatever your problem...
he's the answer!
Well, sounds like this little gnome
is going to make
a huge difference around here.
This is Onya Doorstep,
for Up North News.
Cage inspection!
CAGE DOOR OPENS
Move aside, jailbird!
All clear.
SCOFFING:What a deadbeat.
Don't know why everybody thinks
he's so clever.
DOOR SLAMS
AI, lad!
See how embracing technology makes
our life better?
I mean, thanks to that handy device,
we haven't had to
use the old teapot for years.
Ha-ha!
Oh, yes, tech - that's the thing.
So long as it knows who's boss,
of course.
NORBOT WHIRS RAPIDLY
Ho-ho! Oh, look at him go!
Ta-da!
Oh!
A Wallace onesie!
Oh, that's champion that is, Norbot.
Oh-ho!
A Wallace onesie!
Oh.
Oh, I think this'll fit perfectly.
Perfectly!
CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS
DOOR OPENS
NORBOT HUMS TUNELESSLY
Evening, Master Gromit.
MUSIC CUTS OUT
BUTTON CLICKS
MECHANICAL WHIRRING
Norbot recharge time!
NORBOT GURGLES LOUDLY
NORBOT TRILLS LOUDLY
NORBOT GURGLES
PULSING HUM
NORBOT POWERS DOWN
NORBOT TRILLS LOUDLY
PULSING HUM
Recharge nearly 1%.
NORBOT GURGLES
Recharge time re-activated.
Recharge nearly 2%.
SWITCH CLICKS
COMPUTER HUMS
NORBOT GURGLES
THUNDER RUMBLES
SAW SCRAPES
METALLIC CLANGING
GEARS CLANK
THUNDER RUMBLES
BRICK SCRAPES
GEARS CLICK SLOWLY
ZOOKEEPER SNORES
SNORING CONTINUES
BEEPING
ZOOKEEPER SNUFFLES
SNEEZE BREWS
Ah...
Hmm...
Ah, ah...!
Mm...
QUIET SNORING
ERROR MESSAGE ALERT
KEYPAD CLACKS
COMPUTER CHIMES
JINGLE PLAYS
Welcome to my Top Secret Files!
FEATHERS CRACKS NECK
THUNDER RUMBLES
KEYPAD CLACKS
RAPID BEEPING
ELECTRICAL PULSING
NORBOT BABBLES
ELECTRICAL WHINE
ELECTRICITY POWERS DOWN
New instructions received!
THUNDER CRASHES
No job is too small!
POWER TOOLS WHIR
METALLIC CLANGING
TOOLS WHIR NOISILY
THUNDER RUMBLES
THUNDER BOOMS
ALARM CLOCK RINGS
MECHANICAL WHIRRING
BEEPING
WALLACE: Get me up, Gromit!
We've got a right busy day ahead.
BUZZER
Thanks, lad! We-e-e-e!
DOOR OPENS
FOOTSTEPS THUD
MECHANICAL CLICKING
WALLACE: Ooh!
Ho-ho!
Morning, team.
Mm.
Ooh, loads of new messages.
BEEP
Gnome Improvements?
I saw you on the telly.
Could Norbot come and mow my...?
..new lily pond...
..with a stump-grinder...
..and put well-rotted manure...
..inside my conservatory!
Talk about celebrity, lad.
He's a household GNOME!
WALLACE CHUCKLES
At this rate, we'll need a whole
army of Norbots.
Ho-ho! Oh...
NORBOT CLAPS
RHYTHMIC THUDDING
Hmm?
Eh?
SPOON RATTLES
THUDDING INTENSIFIES
NORBOTS STOMP LOUDLY
What on earth?!
Hmm?
More Norbots for Mr Wallace.
Uh...
WALLACE LAUGHS NERVOUSLY
Uh... Oh.
Well, that IS smart.
It's like he knows what we need
before we even know ourselves.
Ha! The more gnomes, the merrier!
Right, Gromit?
The more gnomes, the merrier.
NORBOTS:Yes, Mr Wallace!
Ha-ha! What could possibly go wrong?
That's it, up you go.
Aha!
A bit of fine tuning...
Oh, that's good.
No need for us to go with them,
Gromit.
I just track them with my new
GNOMING device.
Mm...
Ah! Lovely tea.
All we have to do is sit back and
let the machines take the strain.
Right, Gromit?
Gromit?
Gromit? Gromit!
INTERCOM: I said we don't need
to go with them.
Don't you trust my inventions, lad?
I don't know.
Hmm. Never mind.
Time to unleash the gnomes!
Go! Go! Go!
Woohoo!
Ha-ha!
Wahey!
Sick!
Yeah! Rad!
Oh, yes. All present and correct.
Remember, I want you all working
like a finely-tuned machine.
Ow!
# Oh!
# We're happy, nifty Norbots
# We love to do our job
# When we come round and fix
your house
# We make up quite a mob
# We dig and paint
and plant and snip
# We break our little backs
# And never stop to have a brew
# Cos we got battery packs... #
This is the police!
Come down quietly. You're only
making this harder on yourself.
Beep, beep!
Beep, beep! Coming through!
Ah! Oh!
Oh...!
Patio chop!
# Oh, we're jolly useful Norbots
# We do all sorts of stuff
# When we get asked to do a task
we can't work hard enough
# We push and pull and saw and chop
# We think our chores are fun
# We won't delay
# Keep out our way until the job
is done! #
The Norbots are a triumph, Gromit!
We'll soon have those bills
paid off.
Neat and tidy!
DOOR THUDS
NORBOTS HUM TUNE
GROMIT BANGS WINDOW
MECHANICAL WHIRRING
Oh, happy birthday, Mavis.
Oh, smashing!
Oh! What happened to me glass table?
Oh!
Where's me tools?!
Ah! Where's me shed?!
Where's our drainpipe?!
TYRES SCREECH
PLANT POT SMASHES
BANG!
MECHANICAL WHIRRING
PHONES RING
Hello. Police.
Another burglary?
What's the address?
Hello. Police.
A weather vane?
When did it go missing?
Hello. Police.
LAUGHING:Someone's pinched your
big butt?!
Oh!
WATER butt. I see what you mean.
I... Hang on.
Ahem! Hello.
You have reached the Old Bill...
Ah!
We're experiencing a high volume
of calls at the moment,
so please leave your crime
after the beep.
Beep!
What's going on here?!
Oh, Chief!
It's a spate of burglaries,
like, a proper crimewave.
I can't be dealing with a crimewave!
I've got enough on me hands
as it is.
What do you think, blue or black?
For the grand opening.
Uh...blue?
Ah, yeah. See what you're saying.
Matches the diamond.
Any road, about these robberies -
I've been building this crime wall,
trying to find common themes
and such.
Never...never mind crime walls.
What's your copper's gut
telling you?
Well, all the clues seem to point
to this man, a local inventor.
Wallace?
The upstanding citizen who helped
put Feathers behind bars?
Yeah, hey, why not?
You catch one super villain,
doesn't make you a saint, does it?
Should we say he's a suspect, then?
Just bring him in and book him.
I've got a speech to write.
Really? Don't we need...
..evidence?
Oh, I don't know.
All these fancy ideas you get
from training college.
Oh...
Right, come on, then!
News just in.
We're getting reports of a crimewave
affecting gardens
across the region.
Onya Doorstep has more.
TV CHANNEL CHANGES
TV:The robots, they're taking
over the world!
They'll destroy us all, I tell you!
TV POWERS DOWN
Oh, that's a bit hasty, Norbot.
I might have been watching that.
Time to relax, Mr Wallace.
Oh, yes, I do like a bit of
relaxation.
Huh?
Eh?
NORBOT PLAYS LULLABY
I... Ooh!
What's all this in aid of?
Massage, Mr Wallace?
Oh...
Oh, yes...
Oh, that's lovely...
Oh, dear, you are spoiling me.
Snoozy choc?
Oh, I don't mind if I do.
Mm...Come along.
Oh, steady on!
Drink up, Mr Wallace.
Mm...
Hiccup!
WALLACE SNORES
METALLIC SCRAPING
WHEELS SCREECH
MUFFLED BANGING
WALLACE SNORES
TOOLS WHIR
HAMMERS CLINK
MOLTEN LIQUID HISSES
TOY SQUEAKS
DEFLATING WHISTLE
SQUEAK!
SQUEAK! SQUEAK!
Hmm? Mm?
Hmm...
WALLACE SNORES
VASE CLATTERS
Ooh...! Ah...!
What...! Oh, oh!
Gromit! Oh!
What on earth...?!
What? Is something wrong?
Is it the Norbots?
Well, this had better be important,
lad.
I don't know what's got
into you lately.
Well, I'll go to the top of
my stairs!
That's absolutely...
..spotless!
Oh, look at them.
Oh, yes.
Oh, you are good gnomes, doing all
these chores at this time of night.
I don't know why you were so keen
to show me, though, lad.
Couldn't it have waited till
the morning?
Aw! Ah...
Ho-ho! Daft pooch.
Oh...
Well, I've got a nap to finish
before I turn in for the night.
Oh, yes.
Norbot, my best invention ever.
KNOCK AT DOOR
Ooh!
Did you order a pizza, lad?
KNOCKING INTENSIFIES
All right, all right,
hold your horses.
Police! Oh!
CRASH!
Oh! Ooh!
Oops. Sorry!
Oh... Give me strength.
Right, let's get this over with.
Get what over with?
We have a warrant to search
your premises. Huh?
Mukherjee, read him his rights.
Eh?Ahem.
Anything you say may be taken down
and used as evidence against you.
But I haven't done anything!
We believe you to be guilty
of theft by gnome.
I'm guilty of theft by gnome?!
Ha-ha! There you go!
He admits it. Write that down.
This is ridiculous.
My Norbots aren't thieves.
They're down in my workshop
right now,
doing a bit of spring cleaning.
There's our evidence, Chief.
All right, check 'em out, then.
Well, I don't see any gnomes.
Eh?
They were here a moment ago.
I don't understand it.
Uh...they must have just popped out
to finish a job.
Look, sunshine, I have not got time
for your games.
Eh?
What...? Where are you going, Chief?
I'm off to get me 'tache trimmed.
For the big day!
Anyway...
Look, if you need evidence,
Mukherjee, find some.
I don't care what it takes.
Get this man behind bars,
where he belongs.
I want this case wrapped up, pronto.
Understood, sir.
DOOR SHUTS
Right...
..evidence.
Evidence?
This is PC Mukherjee
calling for backup.
We'll need a van.
A big one.
Uh?
ALARM CLOCK RINGS
Uh, Gromit? Get me up, lad!
There's a good pooch.
Oh, wait a mo'.
You can't, can you?
They've taken all
me inventions away!
For "forensic examination"!
Or something.
Outrageous...
Argh! Ooh!
ECHOING:We believe you to be guilty
of theft by gnome...
They were here a moment ago...
Well, I don't see any gnomes...
Who needs technology, anyway?
Pah! Not me.
Oh! Ah!
Whoa!
Ah, that's nippy!
A-a-a-agh!
Who-o-o-o-o-oa!
Ooh!
Ooh, me begonias...
PAINT CAN CLATTERS
WALLACE: Oh, I think I need
a cup of tea, lad.
GLASSES CLINK
GLASS SMASHES
DRIPPING WATER ECHOES
WALLACE GROANS
Oh, ooh... Right, tea.
I suppose we'll just have to
make it the old way.
Ouch!
Oh! Ooh...
How do you do this, now?
I haven't used one of these
for so long,
I've forgotten how they work.
WALLACE GRUNTS
It's broken!
There's clearly been a mistake.
My Norbots are innocent.
You believe me, don't you, lad?
Don't you, lad?
Oh...
Well, I think you've said
quite enough, Gromit.
You've never trusted my Norbot,
have you?
And I made him just for you.
Mark my words, the police will be
back soon enough to apologise.
KNOCK AT DOOR
Ah, what did I tell you? Ha-ha!
There they are now.
Everything will be right as rain
before you can say...
Nasty, crooked, thieving
little toe rag!
Huh?
Scoundrel! Where's our stuff?
I want a refund!
What have your gnomes done with
me bath tub?!
And where's me glasses?!
Oh, they're on me head. Sorry!
Where's my big butt?!
I'm live outside the
West Wallaby Street house
of the evil inventor, Mr Wallace.
Evil?
Don't you mean smart-thinking?
Oh, you think it's smart to teach
gnomes to steal?
No!
But if only my gnomes were here,
maybe I could clear my name.
CHUCKLING:Well, where are
the gnomes?
For the last time, I don't know!
Oh, yeah? Very convenient.
CROWD CHANTS:Where are the gnomes?!
Where are the gnomes?!
Where are the gnomes?! Where are the
gnomes?! Where are the gnomes?!
Where are the gnomes?! Where are...
Oh, oh!
This is a nightmare, Gromit!
The police want to throw me in jail,
the neighbours all hate me,
and the press think I'm evil!
And how am I supposed to find
my gnomes,
if they've taken me gnoming device?
ENGINE SPUTTERS
ENGINE TURNS OVER
GROMIT REVS ENGINE
Wha...?
Never mind Scotland Yard.
Looks more like a scrapyard in here.
It's Wallace's stuff, Chief.
You told me to find some evidence.
I didn't mean take the whole
flippin' house!
I mean, what's THIS in aid of?
Oh! Chief, I wouldn't...
Ah! Oh! Ow!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ow!
Gerroff!
That gizmo just assaulted
a police officer!
Add that to t'list of charges,
Mukherjee.
But that's just it, sir.
There's nothing here to pin Wallace
to the burglaries.
They're his gnomes, aren't they?
I'm just...I'm getting the feeling
that...
..well, he may not be our man.
That Wallace is a wrong 'un!
End of story.
Now, if you don't mind, we'll deal
with that villain later.
Right now, we've got important
duties to attend to
up at the museum. But, sir...
It's my big day, Mukherjee, the
culmination of 40 years of service.
Nothing can go wrong.
Uh, no, sir.
We have to stay focused.
Watch like hawks.
Absolutely, sir.
Miss nothing.
BOARD SLAMS
Huh? Eh?
Hmm. Oh.
CONSOLE BEEPS
ENGINE REVS
HORN BLARES
TYRES SQUEAL
CONSOLE BEEPS
LOW RUMBLING
BEEPING QUICKENS
ELEPHANT TRUMPETS
MONKEYS CHATTER
WATER BUBBLES
SQUEAK!
BAGPIPES PLAY
Agh!
SPLASH!
SAW SCRAPES
GROMIT WHINES
Ah.
Oh!
Reset mode activated!
NORBOT GROANS
WATER GURGLES
LOW SNARLING
LION SNORTS
LION ROARS
LION GRUMBLES
LION GRUNTS
NORBOT GROANS
ELECTRONIC BEEPING
Restored to inventor settings.
Hi!
I'm your Nifty Odd-Jobbing Robot.
Call me NORBOT!
LION SNARLS
Initiating pruning process!
SCISSORS SNIP
Neat and tidy!
LION ROARS
MUSIC: Toccata and Fugue in D minor
by JS Bach
SONAR PINGS
Set coordinates.
Target located!
Two degrees west. Tracking.
CONSOLE BEEPS
No job is too small!
Neat and tidy!
Wa-ha-hey!
Right, here we go, then.
This is it, Mukherjee.
Are we ready?
Couldn't be readier, Chief.
# I'm a happy nifty Norbot
# I love to do a job... #
It's been my great pride over the
years to serve this community,
knowing there's nothing more
reassuring than the sight
of an uninformed police officer...
Hmm?
Ahem!
Sorry?
Oh! Uniformed!
UNIFORMED police officer.
Can't read me own writing.
Anyway, now I have one final,
happy duty to perform.
Contact imminent.
Going up!
FLUSH!
Coming through!
NORBOT BABBLES
TYRES SCREECH
Ladies and gentlemen, shall we?
LOCKED DOORS BANG
And there we have it,
ladies and gentlemen.
Safely on display for all
posterity...
..the Blue Diamond!
Oh!
It's not as shiny in real life,
is it?
You what?
Wha...?!
That's a flippin' turnip!
SHOCKED GASPS
You did check inside the sack,
Chief,
before you put it in the vault?
Erm...
Oh...
Right, anyone fancy a pint?
O-o-o-h...
So, if you've been guarding a turnip
all these years,
then where is the Blue Diamond?!
CONSOLE BEEPS
HE PLAYS DISCORDANT NOTES
Oh...
Gnomes have gone. Gadgets have gone.
Even me dog's gone.
DEEP RUMBLING
Uh?
What on earth...?
WALLACE GASPS
I didn't know it could do that.
What the dickens!
DOOR CREAKS
Come in, Gromit. Everything's fine.
Just come straight in.
MUFFLED: Oh...! Gromit...!
AS WALLACE:Everything's fine.
Just come straight in.
NORBOTS:Everything's fine.
Everything's fine.
Everything's fine. Everything's
fine. Everything's fine.
This is a disaster!
This has made me the laughing stock
of the town.
Uh, sir, are you OK?
I'm fine! I've just got an
allergy to turnips.
Should we haul Feathers in, sir?
He had the diamond last.
No...
No, he didn't.
What?
You mean...? Exactly.
Come on!
OWL HOOTS
WALLACE GROANS
Sorry I couldn't warn you, lad!
I got grabbed by the Norbots.
A very unpleasant experience.
Turns out they are bad, after all.
I just don't get it.
Why would me own gnomes
turn against me?
A chicken?! Behind all this?
Good grief!
It's you!
Again!
But you're supposed to be locked up.
Well, you won't get away with it,
you know...
..whatever it is you're trying
to get away with.
Eh?
Oh?
Oh, fancy a cup tea, do you?
Oh, the cheek of it!
Well, I wouldn't bother with
that teapot - it doesn't work.
Eh?
TEAPOT SMASHES
What...?
Well, butter me crumpets!
It can't be!
It's the Blue Diamond!
He must have switched it
all that time ago.
Oh, is that the police?
We've got someone here you might
be interested in.
He's a slippery one.
Oh, so that's your plan!
You get away scot-free with
the diamond,
and everyone thinks I'm the
evil inventor who stole it.
Why, that's...! That's...
..vengeance most foul!
Uh?
LOCK CLICKS
Oi, let us out!
ENGINE SPUTTERS
ALL:Brrm! Brrm-brrm!
Brrm! Brrm-brrm!
Ne-e-e-e-e-e-eewr!
Eee-e-e-e-e!
Brrm! Ne-e-e-e-eewr!
I can't believe someone's nicked me
bike saddle!
I know, sir.
Sorry, sir.
You took me off that case.
Still, we've got our culprit.
Yeah, all this time, Wallace just
wanted the diamond for himself!
So, you were right all along, Chief.
He IS a wrong 'un.
Aye, too right.
And if he thinks he's got away with
this, he's got another think coming.
Oh, this is all my fault, lad.
I only ever meant to invent GOOD
things - things that help people.
I never imagined they could be used
for wrong-doing.
DOOR OPENS
FOOTSTEPS APPROACH
Oh, 'eck. It's the law.
I'm done for now.
Morning, Mr Wallace! Master Gromit.
Norbot! Where have YOU been?
No job is too small!
Sounds like he's back to his
nifty odd-jobbing self.
We're saved! Ha-ha!
Neat and tidy!
Uh?
LOCK CLICKS
Wait, Norbot! Come back!
Don't worry, lad.
He's voice-activated.
VACUUM WHIRS
Norbot!
# I'm a happy nifty Norbot
WALLACE: Norbot!
# I love to clean the house... #
Norbo-o-o-ot!
Norbot!
Norbot! Norbot!
Oh... Huh?
Steady on.
Huh?
What ARE you up to, lad?
MOTOR GROWLS
Hardly the time to start
leaf-blowing!
What on earth...! Agh!
Wahey!
Gro-o-o-omit!
Collision warning!
Right, someone's got a big
surprise coming.
Sorry!
Chief, they're getting away!
Chief?
DOORBELL RINGS
Did we get 'em?
# Born free
# As free as the wind blows
# As free as the grass grows... #
Careful!
Oh!
There's Feathers! Nice work, Gromit.
Let's get after the bounder.
More speed, Mr Wallace?
Eh?!
Whoa!
Steady, Norbot.
Take her up, Gromit.
Hand over the diamond,
you little tyke!
Norbot, fetch!
Righto!
That's it. That's it, Norbot.
Whoa!
By 'eck!
Banana alert!
Skidding!
A-a-a-a-agh!
NORBOTS SCREAM
Ow! Ow! Ouch!
There he is. After him!
Wa-a-a-ah! Oh!
Norbot, stop this thing!
Yes, Mr Wallace.
Not like tha-a-a-a-at!
WALLACE SCREAMS
Emergency stop complete.
WALLACE GROANS
Oh...
ELECTRICAL FIZZING
ENGINE THRUMS
Gromit...!
Whoa!
DOG WALKER HUMS
Ha-ha-ha!
There they are, Chief!
Ah, nice-looking narrow boat, that.
Bit like mine.
Hang on a sec...
That IS mine!
Hey! Stop in the name of the law!
NORBOTS YELL
It's no use, lad.
If only there was some way
of rebooting them.
Oh...
# I'm a happy nifty Norbot
# I like to clean the boat! #
Ah!
Oh!
Oh?
Another invention?
Are you sure, lad?
Right, then, technical assistance
is on its way.
Can't believe he nicked me boat!
And you thought he was innocent!
Oh! I think...
I think that's Feathers McGraw,
Chief!
They're trying to stop
Feathers McGraw!
Feathers McGraw?!
Don't be ridiculous.
He's banged up in the zoo.
That's just an innocent nun,
out for a pleasure cruise.
I just think maybe Wallace
has been unfairly portrayed
as a crazed inventor.
MECHANICAL CLANKING
Huh? Huh?
WALLACE CACKLES
Oh, this'll work a treat!
Eh? To a certain extent...
What the...?
What's he done with me
vintage boot collection?!
OK, Gromit, let's give those gnomes
a good reboot up the backside!
TOOT! TOOT!
Ha-ha! Missed!
Bull's-eye!
Reset mode activated!
It's working, lad. Ha-ha!
Give it more welly!
Take that!
Hoodlums!
Reset mode activated!
This has gone far enough.
Chief Inspector Mac.
All units, pursue and arrest
Wallace...
Oh! Agh!
Sorry, Chief! I'm using me gut.
Calling all units.
Head to the border.
Suspect is NOT Wallace,
but a small nun in charge
of a canal boat!
You're in big trouble, Mukherjee!
Yeah, this is going on your
assessment report, this!
GURGLING:Reset mode activated!
Hi, I'm your Nifty Odd-Jobbing
Robot... Hi!
Call me Norbot... I'm your Nifty
Odd-Jobbing Robot...
Pleased to meet you... Call me...
Caught a few tiddlers, have you?
Good lad.
Now we've got him!
Eh? Where's he gone?
ENGINE REVS
Uh?
Hi! Call me Norbot... I'm your
Nifty Odd-Jobbing Robot...
Call me Norbot...
Pleased to meet you...
Well done, lad.
We've got hi-i-i-i-im!
Grom...
..it!
Don't let him get a-waaaaaay!
Woooooooaaaaahhhh!
WAAAAH!
Ooh! Sorry!
Huh?!
Hmm!
Oh, Gromit!
Oh!
Oh, lummy!
Huh?
Why, ya...!
WALLACE YELLS
Ouch!
SIRENS WAIL
TYRES SCREECH
GASPS
I knew it was Feathers McGraw!
Quick, close the gate.
CREAKS, ENGINE RUMBLES
RAILINGS RATTLE
CLUNK! CLUNK!
Gromiiiit!
WHIMPERS
CREAKING
Give him the diamond, lad.
I can live without inventing,
but I can't live without...
GULPS
..me best pal!
WIND BLOWS
CREAKING
TRAIN TOOTS
Wha...
Huh?
CREAKING
No!
IN SLOW-MOTION: Gromiiiiiiiit!
Nooooooo!
Hi, I'm your Nifty Odd-jobbing
Robot! Call me Norbot.
ALL:How may I help you?
No job is too small!
ALL:Aww!
I knew you'd embrace
technology in the end, lad.
Thank goodness you're safe.
All right! Break it up!
This is a crime scene now.
Chief! Chief!
I haven't got time for your
apologies, Mukherjee.
Just arrest Wallace for...
TRAIN TOOTS
Flippin' Nora!
It IS Feathers McGraw!
And he's got the diamond.
Aw, that's ruined me
retirement, that has!
Wait. What?
THEY LAUGH
Hey! The old turnip switcheroo!
Oh, cracking move, lad!
NORBOTS:Wahey!
Cracking move, lad! Bravo!
Ha! That told him, Gromit.
He's a bad egg, that one,
and a scoundrel to boot.
TRAIN TOOTS
I think you should
have this, Officer.
Well, considering what
I've just seen,
it looks like Mukherjee was
right about you being innocent.
You mean, I'm not going to jail?
No. Thanks to the instincts
of a fine young copper.
You're a natural, Mukherjee!
Ah, thanks, Chief. That means a lot.
Happy retirement, sir.
Well, this is a TURNIP
for the books, eh, lad? Hmm!
NORBOTS LAUGH
Oh, yes! Very funny, Mr Wallace!
Ooh!
Hmm.
Oh, yes.
SIGHS
Oh, oi! Eh? What's... OI!
Can't you read, Sonny Jim?
Maximum speed 4mph.
SIREN BLARES
That's three points
on your licence for a start!
Morning, Gromit.
How's my favourite pooch, hmm?
Oh! I've got something
for your garden, lad.
I've repurposed the Pat-O-Matic.
After all, Necessity is the
mother-in-law of Invention.
WALLACE CHUCKLES
Ta-da!
Aw!
But there's some things
a machine just can't do,
eh, lad?
Aww!
CHUCKLES
Aww! Oh, yes!
Hm-hm!
Cheers, me old pal!
# I'm a happy nifty Norbot
I like to trim the hedge! #
Ta-da!
# We're happy nifty Norbots
We love to do our job
# When we come round
and fix your house
# We make up quite a mob
# We dig and paint
and plant and snip
# We break our little backs
# And never stop to have a brew
cos we got battery packs. #